Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#2411)
getsentry/sentry-python: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Sentry SDK for Python

We welcome contributions to `sentry-python` by the community.

This file outlines the process to contribute to the SDK itself. For contributing to the documentation, please see the [Contributing to Docs](https://docs.sentry.io/contributing/) page.

## How to Report a Problem

> Please search the [issue tracker](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-python/issues) before creating a new issue (a problem or an improvement request). Please also ask in our [Sentry Community on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/Ww9hbqr) before submitting a new issue. There is a ton of great people in our Discord community ready to help you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please search the [issue tracker](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-python/issues) before creating a new issue (a problem or an improvement request). Please also ask in our [Sentry Community on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/Ww9hbqr) before submitting a new issue. There are a ton of great people in our Discord community ready to help you!
```

> If you feel that you can fix or implement it yourself, please read a few paragraphs below to learn how to submit your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Submitting Changes

- Fork the `sentry-python` repo and prepare your changes.
- Add tests for your changes to `tests/`.
- Run tests and make sure all of them pass.

> - Submit a pull request, referencing any issues it addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Submit a pull request, referencing any issues your changes address. Please follow our [commit message format](https://develop.sentry.dev/commit-messages/#commit-message-format) when naming your pull request.
```

We will review your pull request as soon as possible. Thank you for contributing!

## Development Environment

### Set up Python

Make sure that you have Python 3 installed. Version 3.7 or higher is required to run style checkers on pre-commit.

On macOS, we recommend using `brew` to install Python. For Windows, we recommend an official [python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/) release.

### Fork the Repo

> Go to the [home page of the repo](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-python), click the "Fork" button, and go through the process of creating your fork of `sentry-python`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can contribute, you will need to [fork the `sentry-python` repository](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-python/fork).
```
```

Author: Ah nice, there's a direct link!

> ### Clone the Forked Repo
> 
> You should now have a new `sentry-python` repo in your GitHub projects. Clone it to work on it locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, clone the forked repository to your local development environment.
```

```bash
git clone git@github.com:<YOUR-USERNAME>/sentry-python.git
```

> Replace `<YOUR-USERNAME>` with your actual GitHub username. Alternatively, you can go to your GitHub profile, find the forked `sentry-python` repo, and copy the clone URL from there.

Reviewer: I suggest deleting these lines. Most developers will know how to clone a repository, and those who don't can easily find instructions for doing so in GitHub. Including these lines provides little benefit in my opinion, since the bash code line is not copy-pasteable as-is, since people will need to enter their username, and not everyone has SSH authentication for GitHub, which the provided command relies on.

### Fork the Repo

Before you can contribute, you will need to [fork the `sentry-python` repository](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-python/fork).

> Then, clone the forked repository to your local development environment.

Reviewer: I would suggest merging these two sentences into a single line. And, maybe we can rename the section to "Fork and Clone the Repository" or something similar

cd sentry-python

python -m venv .venv
```

> From now on, every time you want to work on your changes for `sentry-python`,
> you will need to make sure your virtual environment is active:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, activate your virtual environment with the following command. You will need to repeat this step every time you wish to work on your changes for `sentry-python`.
```

> source .venv/bin/activate

Reviewer: Maybe we should split the `source .venv/bin/activate` line into a new code block, and explain that the virtual environment needs to be activated each time the user wishes to use the virtual environment

> **Hint:** Tests of integrations need additional dependencies. The switch `-rs` will show you why tests where skipped and what dependencies you need to install for the tests to run. (You can also consult the [tox.ini](tox.ini) file to see what dependencies are installed for each integration)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Hint:** Tests of integrations need additional dependencies. The switch `-rs` will show you why tests were skipped and what dependencies you need to install for the tests to run. (You can also consult the [tox.ini](tox.ini) file to see what dependencies are installed for each integration)
```

## Adding a New Integration

1. Write the integration.

   - Instrument all application instances by default. Prefer global signals/patches instead of configuring a specific instance. Don't make the user pass anything to your integration for anything to work. Aim for zero configuration.

   - Everybody monkeypatches. That means:

     - Make sure to think about conflicts with other monkeypatches when monkeypatching.

     - You don't need to feel bad about it.

   - Avoid modifying the hub, registering a new client or the like. The user drives the client, and the client owns integrations.

>    - Allow the user to disable the integration by changing the client. Check `Hub.current.get_integration(MyIntegration)` from within your signal handlers to see if your integration is still active before you do anything impactful (such as sending an event).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Allow the user to turn-off the integration by changing the client. Check `Hub.current.get_integration(MyIntegration)` from within your signal handlers to see if your integration is still active before you do anything impactful (such as sending an event).
```

Reviewer: @cleptric No hyphen is needed in "turn-off." The correct spelling is "turn off."

Although, I think using "disable" here is more appropriate, as @sentrivana did originally.

Author: Will apply this as `turn off` (just a regular phrasal verb, no dashes)

2. Write tests.

>    - Think about the minimum versions supported, and test each version in a separate env in `tox.ini`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Consider the minimum versions supported, and test each version in a separate env in `tox.ini`.
```

   - Create a new folder in `tests/integrations/`, with an `__init__` file that skips the entire suite if the package is not installed.

3. Update package metadata.

   - We use `extras_require` in `setup.py` to communicate minimum version requirements for integrations. People can use this in combination with tools like Poetry or Pipenv to detect conflicts between our supported versions and their used versions programmatically.

>      Do not set upper-bounds on version requirements as people are often faster in adopting new versions of a web framework than we are in adding them to the test matrix or our package metadata.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     Do not set upper bounds on version requirements as people are often faster in adopting new versions of a web framework than we are in adding them to the test matrix or our package metadata.
```

> 4. Write the [docs](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs). Follow the structure of [existing integration docs](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/integrations/). Make sure to add your integration to the table in `python/integrations/index.md` (people forget to do that all the time).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Write the [docs](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs). Follow the structure of [existing integration docs](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/integrations/). And, please **make sure to add your integration to the table in `python/integrations/index.md`** (people often forget this step 🙂).
```

> 5. Merge docs after new version has been released (auto-deploys on merge).

Reviewer: I am confused by the "auto-deploys on merge" part. Maybe we should explain it better or delete it to avoid confusing people

Author: Changed to
```
Merge docs after new version has been released. The docs are built and deployed after each merge, so your changes should go live in a few minutes.
```

> 6. (optional) Update data in [`sdk_updates.py`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/master/src/sentry/sdk_updates.py) to give users in-app suggestions to use your integration. May not be applicable or doable for all kinds of integrations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. (optional) Update data in [`sdk_updates.py`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/master/src/sentry/sdk_updates.py) to give users in-app suggestions to use your integration. It may not be applicable or doable for all kinds of integrations.
```

Author: Will apply Daniel's suggestion for this one

> 6. (optional) Update data in [`sdk_updates.py`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/master/src/sentry/sdk_updates.py) to give users in-app suggestions to use your integration. May not be applicable or doable for all kinds of integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. (optional, if possible) Update data in [`sdk_updates.py`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/master/src/sentry/sdk_updates.py) to give users in-app suggestions to use your integration. This step will only apply to some integrations.
```

## Commit Message Format Guidelines

See the documentation on commit messages here:

> https://develop.sentry.dev/commit-messages/#commit-message-format

Reviewer: I suggest deleting this section in favor of moving the commit message format information to earlier in the document, where people are more likely to actually see and read it (see earlier comment for how I suggest doing this)

Author: Removed, used your suggestion from above.

## Releasing a New Version

_(only relevant for Sentry employees)_

### Prerequisites

- All the changes that should be released must be on the `master` branch.
- Every commit should follow the [Commit Message Format](https://develop.sentry.dev/commit-messages/#commit-message-format) convention.
- CHANGELOG.md is updated automatically. No human intervention is necessary, but you might want to consider polishing the changelog by hand to make it more user friendly by grouping related things together, adding small code snippets and links to docs, etc.

### Manual Process

- On GitHub in the `sentry-python` repository, go to "Actions" and select the "Release" workflow.

> - Click on "Run workflow" on the right side, make sure the `master` branch is selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Click on "Run workflow" on the right side, and make sure the `master` branch is selected.
```

- Set the "Version to release" input field. Here you decide if it is a major, minor or patch release. (See "Versioning Policy" below)
- Click "Run Workflow".

This will trigger [Craft](https://github.com/getsentry/craft) to prepare everything needed for a release. (For more information, see [craft prepare](https://github.com/getsentry/craft#craft-prepare-preparing-a-new-release).) At the end of this process a release issue is created in the [Publish](https://github.com/getsentry/publish) repository. (Example release issue: https://github.com/getsentry/publish/issues/815)

Now one of the persons with release privileges (most probably your engineering manager) will review this issue and then add the `accepted` label to the issue.

There are always two persons involved in a release.

If you are in a hurry and the release should be out immediately, there is a Slack channel called `#proj-release-approval` where you can see your release issue and where you can ping people to please have a look immediately.

> When the release issue is labeled `accepted`, [Craft](https://github.com/getsentry/craft) is triggered again to publish the release to all the right platforms. (See [craft publish](https://github.com/getsentry/craft#craft-publish-publishing-the-release) for more information.) At the end of this process the release issue on GitHub will be closed and the release is completed! Congratulations!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the release issue is labelled `accepted`, [Craft](https://github.com/getsentry/craft) is triggered again to publish the release to all the right platforms. (See [craft publish](https://github.com/getsentry/craft#craft-publish-publishing-the-release) for more information.) At the end of this process the release issue on GitHub will be closed and the release is completed! Congratulations!
```

Author: Would not change this, "labeled" is the preferred spelling in US English
